Regalia of the Empire:  This wondrous artifact grants the regent wielder the ability to hold an 
Investiture Ceremony without the aid of a priest.  The wielder receives a +5 on their chance of success.  
“Fabled power rests in the trappings of the State.” Anonymous Chamberlain. 

State crown of Anuire:  Holder receives 70 bloodline points.  “The great powers of the Blood are 
unlocked by the magnificent crown of Anuire.  Wield them wisely lest they spell your doom.”

Ring of Wizardry:    With this arcane trinket, forged by long forgotten hands, comes the greatest 
power to a sorcerer, memory.  This incredible relic will double the number of spells that can be memorized.

Banner of Roele:    There has never been a leader the likes of Michael Roele, his power of command 
holding even the most cowardly in there place.  Not out of fear mind you, but out of admiration!  With his 
enchanted standard human troops will never route on the battlefield.  The relic granting the wielder a 
fraction of the lost emperor’s famed power.

Farid’s Coffer of the Realm:   Though it has been said money is the root of all evil, it is also the 
seeds of all growth and prosperity.  At the end of turn increase the remainder of money in treasury by 20%.

Dierdrien’s Ring:   Such incredible power flows along the corridors of Source.  The Ley lines forming 
vast rivers of energy from which we dip as we may.  Three times a year the user may establish a hook up to 
an existing Ley line with automatic success and without expending an action. 

Sielshegh Gem-Large:   Fashioned in the bosom of Cerrillia herself, this flawless gem brings only 
strength to those who wield it.  It grants the holder 10 additional Bloodline points.  The enchanted ruby 
literately dripping with the power of nobility.

Barazad Tools:  Fashioned by dwarven smiths, who have long since gone to their gods, these 
magnificent tools are of great use.  They can aid on any construction reducing its gold cost by 25%.  With 
such relics the wielder can build a kingdom and more.

Scepter of Cuiraecen:  All army units gain +1 to their attack factor.  During adventures may cast one 
12d8 lightning bolt.  This relic is worthy of a adventurer such as yourself, may the gods bless thee.

Hammer of Thunder:  Forged by the greatest Dwarven smiths it is a weapon fit for a regent.  Counts 
as a +3 weapon doing 1d10+5 damage.

Emperor’s Crown:  Fashioned for the ruler of all Anuire it is a relic of great potency.   With this item 
the Holder gains 30 bloodline points.

Crown of Command:   With this mysterious item the Regent acquires greater influence.  Gain one 
extra action phase.

Chalice of the Dead:  From this relic pour the waters of life, bringing animation to the legions of the 
dead.  During a muster action one unit of skeletons may be raised for 1 gold bar.

Torc of Splendor: Beauty is power and great beauty can lead to even greater power.   Possessor gains 
a charisma of 18.

Ioune Fist:  Through wisdom and experience, come the fruits of labor.  Character level is raised by 1.

Staff of Transport:  Let our road be paved with the force of magic!  Shifts all friendly troops from one 
province to another.

Gavelon’s Staff of Prosperity:  In the relics shining light all bask in the glories of unending wealth.  
When determining tax results the maximum roll is always made.

Danica’s Crystal of Scrying:  The greatest gift any leader can have is the gift of sight.  Knowledge 
is the truest form of power.   When a map icon is selected report on what is there appears.

Tome of the Prince:    Wisdom and experience mean nothing if they are not preserved.  With the right 
book one can learn many secrets.  Possessor gains a +5 on any contest action.

Faele’s Ring: A blessing from the ancients.  Once every six action rounds user may cast realm spells in 
any province adjacent to one in which one of his Lay line exists as if that line extended into it.

Brenna’s Favor:  Strength in the blood is all that truly matters, for the royal lineage must forever endure.   
Possessor gains 25 blood points.

Book of Fortification:  Great leaders inspire great efforts, making the impossible a reality.  Cost to 
fortify a location is reduced by 25%.

Amulet of Inspiration:  Nothing can be more compelling than a Regent with the power of magic 
behind them.  It’s as if the very forces of nature are at their command.  In the face of such leadership how 
can one falter.  Morale for all army units is increased by one level.

Tome of War:  One of the secrets of war is to know when and where you can attack.  Reduce gold cost 
to move troops by 25%.

Robe of the Masses:  Influence with the people is a greater weapon than the sword.  Possessor gains 
+5 to agitate action.

Ioune Heart:   Through all the trials of leadership there sometimes come the benefits of a test.   Raises 
all character attributes by 1.

